com/maxx/passengerapp/presentation/ui/main/MainFragmentViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory.java
 com.maxx.passengerapp.presentation.ui.main.MainFragmentViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory
com/maxx/passengerapp/presentation/ui/main/MainFragmentViewModel_HiltModule.java
 com.maxx.passengerapp.presentation.ui.main.MainFragmentViewModel_HiltModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_maxx_passengerapp_di_RepositoryModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_maxx_passengerapp_di_RepositoryModuleModuleDeps
com/maxx/passengerapp/presentation/ui/detail/Hilt_DetailFragment.java
 com.maxx.passengerapp.presentation.ui.detail.Hilt_DetailFragment
com/maxx/passengerapp/di/NetworkModule_ProvidePassengerMapperFactory.java
 com.maxx.passengerapp.di.NetworkModule_ProvidePassengerMapperFactory
 com.maxx.passengerapp.di.NetworkModule_ProvidePassengerMapperFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_maxx_passengerapp_presentation_ui_detail_DetailFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_maxx_passengerapp_presentation_ui_detail_DetailFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/maxx/passengerapp/MyApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.maxx.passengerapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents
 com.maxx.passengerapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.maxx.passengerapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.maxx.passengerapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.maxx.passengerapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.maxx.passengerapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.maxx.passengerapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.maxx.passengerapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ApplicationC
 com.maxx.passengerapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.maxx.passengerapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.maxx.passengerapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.maxx.passengerapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.maxx.passengerapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.maxx.passengerapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.maxx.passengerapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.maxx.passengerapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.maxx.passengerapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.maxx.passengerapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.maxx.passengerapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.maxx.passengerapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/maxx/passengerapp/presentation/ui/main/Hilt_MainFragment.java
 com.maxx.passengerapp.presentation.ui.main.Hilt_MainFragment
com/maxx/passengerapp/presentation/ui/detail/DetailFragmentViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory.java
 com.maxx.passengerapp.presentation.ui.detail.DetailFragmentViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory
com/maxx/passengerapp/di/NetworkModule_ProvideGsonFactory.java
 com.maxx.passengerapp.di.NetworkModule_ProvideGsonFactory
 com.maxx.passengerapp.di.NetworkModule_ProvideGsonFactory$InstanceHolder
com/maxx/passengerapp/presentation/ui/detail/DetailFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.maxx.passengerapp.presentation.ui.detail.DetailFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/maxx/passengerapp/Hilt_MyApplication.java
 com.maxx.passengerapp.Hilt_MyApplication
 com.maxx.passengerapp.Hilt_MyApplication$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_maxx_passengerapp_presentation_ui_main_MainFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_maxx_passengerapp_presentation_ui_main_MainFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/maxx/passengerapp/di/NetworkModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory.java
 com.maxx.passengerapp.di.NetworkModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory
 com.maxx.passengerapp.di.NetworkModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory$InstanceHolder
com/maxx/passengerapp/presentation/ui/main/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.maxx.passengerapp.presentation.ui.main.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/maxx/passengerapp/di/AppModule_ProvideApplicationFactory.java
 com.maxx.passengerapp.di.AppModule_ProvideApplicationFactory
com/maxx/passengerapp/presentation/ui/detail/DetailFragmentViewModel_HiltModule.java
 com.maxx.passengerapp.presentation.ui.detail.DetailFragmentViewModel_HiltModule
com/maxx/passengerapp/presentation/ui/main/MainFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.maxx.passengerapp.presentation.ui.main.MainFragment_MembersInjector
com/maxx/passengerapp/presentation/ui/main/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.maxx.passengerapp.presentation.ui.main.Hilt_MainActivity
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_maxx_passengerapp_presentation_ui_main_MainFragmentViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_maxx_passengerapp_presentation_ui_main_MainFragmentViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_maxx_passengerapp_presentation_ui_detail_DetailFragmentViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_maxx_passengerapp_presentation_ui_detail_DetailFragmentViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps
com/maxx/passengerapp/di/RepositoryModule_ProvidePassengerRepositoryFactory.java
 com.maxx.passengerapp.di.RepositoryModule_ProvidePassengerRepositoryFactory
com/maxx/passengerapp/presentation/ui/detail/DetailFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.maxx.passengerapp.presentation.ui.detail.DetailFragment_MembersInjector
com/maxx/passengerapp/presentation/ui/main/MainFragmentViewModel_AssistedFactory.java
 com.maxx.passengerapp.presentation.ui.main.MainFragmentViewModel_AssistedFactory
com/maxx/passengerapp/presentation/ui/main/MainFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.maxx.passengerapp.presentation.ui.main.MainFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_maxx_passengerapp_di_NetworkModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_maxx_passengerapp_di_NetworkModuleModuleDeps
com/maxx/passengerapp/di/NetworkModule_ProvideRecipeServiceFactory.java
 com.maxx.passengerapp.di.NetworkModule_ProvideRecipeServiceFactory
 com.maxx.passengerapp.di.NetworkModule_ProvideRecipeServiceFactory$InstanceHolder
com/maxx/passengerapp/di/NetworkModule_ProvideConverterFactory.java
 com.maxx.passengerapp.di.NetworkModule_ProvideConverterFactory
 com.maxx.passengerapp.di.NetworkModule_ProvideConverterFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_maxx_passengerapp_presentation_ui_main_MainActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_maxx_passengerapp_presentation_ui_main_MainActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_maxx_passengerapp_MyApplication_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_maxx_passengerapp_MyApplication_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/maxx/passengerapp/presentation/ui/detail/DetailFragmentViewModel_AssistedFactory.java
 com.maxx.passengerapp.presentation.ui.detail.DetailFragmentViewModel_AssistedFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_maxx_passengerapp_di_AppModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_maxx_passengerapp_di_AppModuleModuleDeps
com/maxx/passengerapp/MyApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.maxx.passengerapp.MyApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/maxx/passengerapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.maxx.passengerapp.BuildConfig
com/maxx/passengerapp/DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC.java
 com.maxx.passengerapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC
 com.maxx.passengerapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$1
 com.maxx.passengerapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.maxx.passengerapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.maxx.passengerapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 com.maxx.passengerapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 com.maxx.passengerapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 com.maxx.passengerapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl
 com.maxx.passengerapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.maxx.passengerapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
 com.maxx.passengerapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.maxx.passengerapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 com.maxx.passengerapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCImpl
 com.maxx.passengerapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$Builder
 com.maxx.passengerapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.maxx.passengerapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ServiceCImpl
 com.maxx.passengerapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$SwitchingProvider
